# CS250ModuleEightJournal
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
- A few of the ways I begin to interpret the user's needs is by putting myself in the user's shoes. I think of how the application would be more useful or more engaging, and listening to the user's input, I can start seeing how their needs could also benefit mine while creating user stories. This way I can also see what needs to take priority and what can be left for a later sprint.
How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
- I approach developing projects from a user pov. Similar to the previous question, I want to develop a program like if I was going to be the main user and focus on making it a comfortable experience while also using the needs of the user. I hope to use the reflection process from the agile method more often, I usually just create a program and don't think about what could have been done differently, or what wasted most of the time. I need to research more on the certain feature so that in the future, I don't get stuck, needing to push back the deadline do to wasted time.
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
- To be a good team member, to me, means that the team member must always communicate with the rest of the team. Make sure to let the team know in what things you are struggling so that they can assist you, you must also become available for the rest of the team members. Some of the other team members may also struggle, this is why you need to become available, to help them incase they need it. As a good team member you must also, always focus on the main objective, make sure you don't fall behind and push back the deadline for the rest of the team, and as mentioned before, ask for help if needed.
